OK so now we need to create the artist detail component.
Right here we get an error because we don't have an actual component so we need to create it.
Now if we go to the file we can have pretty much three different components.
You can have a tie header on top.
It's going to be a simple component that we can have the one that it says showing the detail of the
artist is going to be this component and then we're going to create a new component to render components
to render the album list.
OK.
So first we start simple.
We need to import re-act from react.
They're going to say import import and then we import react.
And since it's going to be a class based component because you need to pass probs and handle state you're
going to bring components too.
Right.
So we went into we went to imported from react.
OK.
Now I'm going to create a class and this one is going to be artist artists just Singler and this one
is going to extends and is going to kickstands component.
Right.
So we're going to go right here.
I'm going to say export then default and then artists and make a default Burguet.
So OK so now we need to render something so we can at least not get an error.
So I'm going to go right here.
And I'm going to say render that open and close and then we'll just open and close again and we can
return just to you know just to clear that error message and they're going to say detail you know just
to make sure that everything is working right.
So it's working.
We get detail get.
So now we need to create a component for this header.
So I'm going to go right here to the to the components and I get to create a new file that is going
to be Hetter that jazz get when to go back to the artist and I'm going to import that components and
said I'm going to import it.
So they import then Hetter from and then it's going to be just dot for Slash and hetter because we are
on the same directory.
Now let's go to the header.
Oh look let's do it right now.
I'm going to just import this header right here.
So I'm going to say.
Header.
And since this component's it's not going to take any kind of state or promp or whatever.
We just can create a functional component for this.
So let's go to the header and do pretty much the same thing.
We need to import re-act from react.
We're going to do this a lot of times.
You know I didn't know it by memory so.
OK.
So we need to create a functional component so we can say Konst and begin to see whether the center
is not going to take any any prompts and we just open and close.
So what we are going to return is some GSX so going to say we turn now what we need to return.
It's a head attack just like that.
There we go.
So OK.
Now inside here we can have a logo whose music DVH.
So we're going to use the link.
So we need to import the link model from Briac router.
It's going to say use destructor and say link right from and then re-act router and Dom Ferragut going
to go right here at the bottom and say Link Up Link.
And this one is going to be two and this one is going to take us back to home.
So I'm going to say for Slash the text inside the link is going to say music DV Burguet So now we need
to export this Hetter so it can be available right here.
So I'm going to say right at the bottom is port default and then Hetter right.
So if we go right here we get music TV we add some styles but we begin to do it.
Everything on the next lecture so we can split the CSSA parts and the re-act part right so that we get
the header.
Now let's go back to artist and now what we need to do we need to kind of fetch the information from
the ID we have right here.
So the artist is going to be the number one in the database.
Jason the number one is Jimi Hendrix.
So we need to again grab the information from the Jason server so we can use the state because we need
to pass prompts.
So I'm going to go right here and I'm going to start a constructor to bring the constructor and then
call super just like always and you're going to be using props.
I'm going to say props right.
Super props props right we're going to have a state.
So we're going to say this
doesn't state because for now just an empty object.
Now what are we going to use right here.
It's going to be the data about the artist.
So we're going to say artist and for now whenever the application loads whenever these component renders
is going to be empty then we're going to do a fetch to the to the to the API and we can have just update
the state just like we did before.
OK.
So what is next.
We need to kind of fetch the information.
So we're going to go right here and just like before we need to graph and we need to do this request
after the component it's already mounted so we're going to say components did mount frigate.
So after can put in the mouth that we need to fetch We need to do a fetch.
Right.
So they're going to say Fetch.
Now we need to know that you are able to do the fetch.
So I'm going to go over here the top and I'm going to create a viable that is going to contain a local
hose didn't you know the of the Ural of the server.
So I'm going to say Konst and then our Q4 request and then you are.
Can you stem strings the back text and it's going to be h t t P.
I'm just not going to type it.
I have it right here.
So it's going to be HTP local host 3 0 0 0.
Mine is 4.
And then just artists.
Okay that's good.
So now we need to fetch and use this request.
The thing is that whenever the comput and mounted mounts and it can't just come at this we need a way
to fetch the ID of the of the artists.
So whenever we are working with re-act router we have access to this data inside of this that prompts
match dot Priam's.
So we have access to that.
So I'm going into console log.
And again just deaths that prompts Dadds match that permit AMS and then the ID of the of the of the
pram.
We gave it right here on the index.
It's going to be artist ID.
It's going to go back to artist and just collide right here.
And going to go to the council to make sure we're getting that.
So cancel and OK.
We get one.
So it's working but I'm going to just come this and come and fetch because we're going to use it right
now.
So what we need to do to fetch.
We need to make call a network request to this to this location.
So I'm going to use the request you are all going to go right here and start template saying it do door
sign and then use the request you are out.
Let's get that's the first step.
Then we need to do a forced lash and we put the ID right here.
It's not going to be one.
We need to get it from this that prompts that match that perhaps an artist.
So I'm going to go again do dollar sign up pretty close and bring that.
Now we need to specify the type of request.
So it's going to be method.
And then just get just like we did before.
And again just like we did for we need to grab the response so it's going to be then when you do it
right here that then and we're going to grab the response and begin to just get the Jason is pongs that
Jason just like with it precisely.
And then whenever we get the response we want to grab this data and do something.
So I'm going to say Dan and I are going to say Jason.
And then just run a callback function.
Right.
So what we want to do we want to update the state of artists whenever we get this information after
the component it's mounted.
We want to have the state of artists and put whatever information we get from the fetch.
So I'm going to say this dot said state and we open close and then we just use an object.
And this one is going to be equal to artist.
CONAN And Jason
OK that's good.
So if I go right here and do a consulate just to make sure that we are getting the data if we canceled
that Jason because like Jason we should be getting it.
And here we are getting Jimi Hendrix the cover bio and blah blah blah blah.
OK.
That's good.
So now we have the state and since the information of the artist it's inside the state what we can do
we can just go right here below the header and just add all the information that we need to add to display
the information of the artist.
Let's go to the next section and just do that.